Nodejs cpp (#226)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: nodejs-cpp/parsing/extract-images-from-pdf/_index.md

---
title: Extract Images from PDF in Node.js
linktitle: Extract Images from PDF
type: docs
weight: 20
url: /nodejs-cpp/extract-images-from-the-pdf-file/
description: How to extract a part of the image from PDF using Aspose.PDF for Node.js toolkit.
lastmod: "2023-11-05"
sitemap:
    changefreq: "weekly"
    priority: 0.7
---

## Extract images from PDF files in the Node.js environment

In case you want to extract images from PDF document, you can use [AsposePdfExtractImage](https://reference.aspose.com/pdf/nodejs-cpp/convert/asposepdfextractimage/) function. 

> Please check following code snippet in order to extract images from PDF file using Node.js via C++.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We must pass three arguments to this function:  input and output file name and resolution.
Please check the following code snippet to extract images from a PDF file using Node.js.
```
